[All Hosts] (testing) update test instructions for Office on the web (#3179)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/design/using-office-ui-fabric-react.md

        npm start
        ```

>     - To test your add-in in Word on a browser, run the following command in the root directory of your project. When you run this command, the local web server will start (if it's not already running). Replace "{url}" with the URL of a Word document on your OneDrive or a SharePoint library to which you have permissions.

Reviewer: Suggestion to remove the parenthetical statement.
```suggestion
    - To test your add-in in Word on a browser, run the following command in the root directory of your project. When you run this command, the local web server starts, if it's not already running. Replace "{url}" with the URL of a Word document on your OneDrive or a SharePoint library to which you have permissions.
```

Reviewer: Please note that this comes up several times. If you choose to take this suggestion, please run a find/replace.

        ```command&nbsp;line
        npm run start:web -- --document {url}

        // examples:
        npm run start:web -- --document https://contoso.sharepoint.com/:t:/g/EZGxP7ksiE5DuxvY638G798BpuhwluxCMfF1WZQj3VYhYQ?e=F4QM1R

        npm run start:web -- --document https://1drv.ms/x/s!jkcH7spkM4EGgcZUgqthk4IK3NOypVw?e=Z6G1qp

        npm run start:web -- --document https://contoso-my.sharepoint-df.com/:t:/p/user/EQda453DNTpFnl1bFPhOVR0BwlrzetbXvnaRYii2lDr_oQ?e=RSccmNP

>         ```

Reviewer: This set of command lines comes up a lot. Can we make it an include file?

>         If your add-in doesn't sideload in the document, open a new document in Word on the web and then sideload your add-in by following the instructions in [Sideload Office Add-ins in Office on the web](../testing/sideload-office-add-ins-for-testing.md#sideload-an-office-add-in-in-office-on-the-web).

Reviewer: Do you have to open a _new_ document, or could it be any document?

Author: could be any
